JS: Selection API DOM text source (#8990)
github/codeql: javascript/ql/lib/change-notes/2022-04-30-xss-selection-source.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Added the `Selection` api as a DOM text source in the `XssThroughDomCustomizations` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Selection` api as a DOM text source in the `js/xss-through-dom` query.
``` 
I think it's more relevant to mention which query it affects.
